QGIS-GRASS-PDAL updates (#1977)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/qgis.md

## Installation

> * 3.34 was isntalled [Tykky's conda-containerize functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md#conda-based-installation). The .yml file included only `qgis` package from `conda-forge` resository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.34 was installed [Tykky's conda-containerize functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md#conda-based-installation). The .yml file included only `qgis` package from `conda-forge` repository.
```
